Docs for data plane registration (#1332)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: docs/content/en/install/local/multi-cluster-kustomize/_index.md

kubectl -n k8ssandra-operator get deployment k8ssandra-operator -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.containers[0].env[?(@.name=="K8SSANDRA_CONTROL_PLANE")].value}'
```

### Register the data plane

> [k8ssandra-client](https://github.com/k8ssandra/k8ssandra-client) is used to register data planes to control planes. It does this by installing a ClientConfig on the control plane. K8ssandra-client data plane registration is described [here]({{< relref "/tasks/data-plane-registration" >}}).

Reviewer: **Suggestion:**
```suggestion
[k8ssandra-client](https://github.com/k8ssandra/k8ssandra-client) is used to register data planes to control planes. It does this by creating a ClientConfig custom resource on the control plane and a secret with a kubeconfig entry providing access to the dataplane. K8ssandra-client data plane registration is described [here]({{< relref "/tasks/data-plane-registration" >}}).
```

Create a `ClientConfig` in the `kind-k8ssandra-0` cluster using the service account 

> token and CA cert from `kind-k8ssandra-1`:

Reviewer: **Todo:** I think lines 182 to 192 should be removed. Right?

Author: I don't think so actually. k8ssandra-client is doing exactly the same thing, and I personally wouldn't run it unless I had some idea of what resources it was going to manipulate.

We probably shouldn't call it a script though, maybe line 182 does need to change.
